Love Is All
Episode 09 Tang Tianyuan meets trouble in love
Zong Yinglin wanna mess up his plan
And girls actually will easily fall.
When they get chased for long,
they will be moved instead of being passivity.
And then, they'll fall in love with you.
Besides.
What should I do?
Well.
As people said that
the way to a woman's heart
is through her
stomach.
I heard Tian Xiang Club is reopening now.
Opening?
yep!
Real Grand.
Look.
Yes, this is nice.
So busy.
This is really nice.
Where did they get this lion dance?
Good! Good! Good!
Dear fellow Tongling citizens.
Today is my humble business Miaoshenglou's grand opening day.
Hope everyone can have a good appetite,
and have fun in there.
The name of Miaoshenglou is come from
my wife's name, miaomiaosheng.
So whoever came with miaomiaosheng's novel
will get a 1% off discount.
Great! 1% off!
Welcome, welcome, welcome.
Go, go, go.
Welcome, welcome.
Welcome, welcome, welcome.
Please come in.
Here. Here.
How's the dish?
Nice, nice, nice.
Well, the taste is better than before.
Yes.
Try it. Try it.
It really is.
Yeah, sure.
Yes.
Nice.
The cost of platemaking,
ink,
and paper.
It's 50 taels in total.
It was only 20 taels in total last time,
even with Suzhou's thick paper.
The Detective Series this time.
You're not only cutting corners,
but also go up the price?
Your Gutang Bookstore is so popular now.
Why would you care about these pennies, right?
Besides,
when you just started writing novels,
who else would print only
20 copies for you for very little profit?
Only Hanmo printshop was willing to help you.
You should remember that.
Fine. I will change to another one.
No, no.
How can you
back out like this?
You are taking advantages.
My readers are complaining that
the quality of the novel you printed are very poor.
the page will be broken during flipping them.
After finishing reading,
with the ink left on the finger can do writing.
I heard there was a girl
who died after read your novel.
Now, does it because people
barely talk about the case recently...
Threatening me?
You think I'm that kind of delicate girl?
I've seen bodies and solved cases.
I despise people like you who think
you've done a little favor for someone,
then push them all the way to the corner.
Get out of here.
But...
Dinner time!
Sweetheart!
Who was that?
Come,
You go back and tell the chef
to make some more nice food.
Is there any way
which can shut someone up completely.
It is illegal to murder.
Now there are someone who bully us
in front of my face, you know that?
Sweetheart, what happened?
Why you're so angry?
Why are you here?
I could hear your voice from outside.
Don't be mad. Try this.
I asked Miaoshenglou to cook some nice food for you
to ease my sweetheart's anger.
From today on,
all Gutang Bookstore's meals
will be taken care by Miaoshenglou.
Whatever you want to eat or drink.
Make a list and I'll send someone come to collect it everyday.
This is county office,
not open to public.
Sweetheart, I'm your husband.
How can you call me someone else?
Also,
That's right.
This west wing is technically not an office.
How can you keep the door open?
It's so dangerous.
The most dangerous one is you.
Adviser Tan.
Don't move, brother,
Let brother in law go check it out.
Nobody here? I'll leave then.
Wait!
So disgusting.
Miss,
what's in your hand?
So you are the fiance of adviser Tan?
Good Spotting.
So what can I
help you today?
This is an egg custard cooked by my lord for adviser Tan.
Thanks.
Is there any other lord
in the Tongling county except me?
Of course.
My lord
is the magistrate of Tongling county, Tang Feilong.
Tiny little head of a county.
Though the title is small,
my lord is graceful and glamours , handsome and talented.
Thousands of girls fall for him.
If you really care about adviser Tan,
please keep an eye on her.
Maybe she'll fall in love with our lord
like other girls.
My fiancee is not such kind of a girl.
Leave the lunch box with me.
One being nice for no reason,
is a hidden evil. Enormously devilish.
Sweetheart,
this is an egg custard I cooked myself.
Very delicious.
You cooked it?
Cooked by your husband, me.
Adviser Tan said this is...
Taking moon from the pond, wasting efforts.
That's right.
My lord, what does it mean?
Then what shall I do with this?
Bring it away.
Smells so good.
My lord, it tastes nice.
I mean it.
I will leave you to your work.
Have a look.
Excuse me.
Excuse me, Excuse me.
Boss, this is all we left.
Those you've already cut.
Can I bring them downstairs?
Chef has nothing to cook with today.
No, no, no. You don't understand.
You are making an promotion on the opening day.
Dishes are much cheaper than other restaurants.
Our business is so good.
But can we really make a profit?
Did you prepare the dish as the way I told you?
Of course. All cooked as you said.
1 tael wine mixed with 3 Taels of water.
1 dish divided it into 2 serves.
Still in deficit.
Tell the chef that 1 dish divided into 3.
Use all these spring onions and coriander.
Officer Zheng mentioned about that dancer in white dress.
Where did she come from?
Wasn't we hired her?
No.
How dare she come to dance on our stage.
This is called non self-admiration indulgence.
I must hire her
to be the selling points of Miaoshenglou.
Miss,
Boss.
Please take a seat.
I'm okay, thanks.
Miss.
Could you please explain why did you
always dance on our Miaoshenglou's stage?
To be honest,
I'm a daughter from an honest poor family.
A few days ago, my hometown experienced a nature disaster.
Then, I escaped to Tongling.
Yesterday I saw your opening was splendid.
So I wanna make a living by dancing here.
I know I may not be qualified.
I don't know if my dance could be good enough for your stage.
Miss, what are you talking about.
I, Zhu Dacong, might not seen everything in the world,
but I can recognize a real beautiful thing.
Jing hong dance of Consort Mei from the previous Dynasty.
Graceful as an orchid's tender green,
elegant like an phoenix's glamours glide.
Miss, your dance is not a single bit less than that.
You are overpraised me.
I'm just telling the truth.
Could you please stay on my Miaoshenglou's stage,
and show your extraordinary dance?
Whatever your condition is.
I will take it.
Money is not important for me. It's just that...
I was born weak so I can't promise to dance everyday.
Can I decide the dancing time myself?
Scarcity drives up the demand.
When customers can't see it enough, they will want more.
If you dance 12 hours per day,
as your boss,
I will have to think about it.
Miss, please come whenever you want.
I will leave one of Miaoshenglou's best room for you.
Miaoshenglou's stage will be also ready for you anytime.
Hey girl, are you new here?
So pretty.
Ouch, hurt!
Stop it!
Move.
I will beat your head up.
Don't beat me. Don't. I will leave.
Wait me here!
Are you alright?
Thanks for your help.
Is Zhou Zhengdao your cousin?
We are colleagues. So his cousin is mine too.
Let's be friends first.
Ruyi associated with all kinds of people. If you be close to me,
it will make people gossip about you.
Then, I'll bail you out.
Officer Zheng,
who you wanna bail out?
I just made a deal with this lady,
and you wanna bail her out.
Can you afford the penalty fee?
Tell me a number, I will pay.
This number,
Only 50 taels? I can pay you now.
Wait.
Plus the cost of absence sunk cost, clothing, stage maintenance.
500 taels.
How dare you to say that!
Don't want to pay? Fine, let's go.
Wait for me. I'll go to collect the money.
You need to pay bonds first.
Here you are.
Miss, this is for you.
When I collect enough money, I will come to bail you out.
We only met for a few times.
This is very...
Very necessary.
Wait for me.
See you.
Do be so surprised.
He is like that.
Not rich but act like one.
Dumb head.
Truly a dumb head.
Sis, Zhu Dacong is inviting you
to meet him at lake Sijing tomorrow.
So frustrating! I give up!
Why you embroider a perfume sachet bag for him?
Yesterday serving him to eat. Now embroidering.
Tomorrow you'll go sailing.
Where is this gonna end?
We can't just let it be.
Then what shall we do?
Even magistrate Tang doesn't know what to do.
The marriage agreement in Zhu Dacong's hand
is certified by Jinan magistrate.
With an official stamp on it.
It's a fact that can't be changed.
Now, I really wish magistrate Tang was a bad officer.
Killing him for no reason.
I'm so pissed off!
Alright. Alright. Calm down.
Tell me what the hell had I done wrong
to get punished by sending such an dumb head to torture me.
It will be great if Tang Tianyuan were here,
He is so smart and he will figure out what to do.
I have no position to do it.
My hands are tight up.
You want it to be lawful? What? You're jealous?
Shut up.
Okay. Okay.
Our magistrate Tang.
Cool heart, iron mind. No emotion, no love.
Right,
I've already check out that thing.
In that old bastard's house,
he hid at least 2000 taels of gold.
I secretly checked the purity of the gold and it is not good.
It should be the batch that having problems.
How did you checked it?
I kept it with me, where is it?
Find it some other day.
The main thing today
is to welcome our prefect came from far away.
I've heard there's a capable county magistrate
came to Tongling county.
Today, I understand what they said is true.
Thanks for your promoting.
Sure.
Alright.
After a long trip, you must be exhausted.
Why don't you go rest up.
Work is more important.
I got news 2 days ago.
There was another murder happened in Tongling.
We've already have some clues on this case.
Though Sangjie is dead, but the murderer is still unknown.
Is his families still in Tongling?
Your honor, while Sangjie was convicted,
all his families were also in custody.
Good, hold court trial.
Call...
My lord, I have something to tell you.
I... I'll talk to you later.
Come. Stand here.
Adviser Tan,
meet Prefect Zong, the Prefect of Chizhou.
Prefect?
My apology.
This is better seeing than hearing.
A woman can be an adviser.
What wrong with woman.
Women can do many things as well as men.
Don't be rude.
Call the guard to bring Baba away.
What a marvelous woman.
I didn't teach her good manners. Please forgive her.
I don't think so.
Stand here.
If you say something you shouldn't,
I will fine you a month salary.
You!
One tael.
Your honor, the suspect is here now.
Sangjie secretly opened a gold mine, and stole the country's fortune.
His relatives are suffering collateral damage.
You were under the same roof top with him, day and night.
Even though you've got away,
do you think everything will just be fine?
My lord, we're innocent. We're innocent.
We were only his servants.
We knew nothing about what he was doing.
Mining business is relatively a large scale thing.
Requiring a lot of labor forces and money.
Have you noticed
was there anyone frequent visitors during then?
Meanwhile,
was there anyone close to him?
No, there were always many visitors everyday.
Nothing suspicious.
I think your memories are messed.
A bit cooling period in jail
will help you sort it out.
Your honor! I'm innocent!
We, we really don't know.
But,
There's no but.
Your honor!
Prefect Zong.
In my humble opinion,
if we want to investigate Sangjie's death,
we should look for who he had been
in a fight with in the past.
Maybe there was someone jealous on
his power and fortune.
Then stabbing him in the back
while he committed a crime.
If someone is really jealous on him,
shouldn't this person take a clear position now.
But what you were saying
is like someone wanted his money,
and killed him.
So what you mean is that
I'm ruling this case to get his money?
Apparently.
All your salary this month is gone.
Why?
Dawang, Xiaoliu!
Throw her out!
I!
Magistrate Tang.
A soft heart cannot make a good leader.
Today let me teach you
how to train your subordinate.
Guards.
Paddle adviser Tan 20 strikes.
Why?
Wait!
Your honor.
Adviser Tan always speak straightforward,
and also have poor manners.
But what she was saying is not absolutely nonsense.
If you really believe that
there's something wrong with Sangjie's death,
you can tell me.
It's my duty to share the responsibility for you.
If Magistrate Tang doesn't  mind,
then that's it.
However, I've heard that
The imperialÿenvoy were asking about
the landlord Sun's son's murder case.
You wanna put him on the guillotine.
It's his wife who committed crime at the first place.
So he should get a lighter sentence.
However, you insisted on a death penalty.
Let me explain myself, your honor.
Sun Bufan refused to confess,
and tried many times to cover up his crime.
Ruling a death penalty is only according to the law.
The imperialÿenvoy is very busy.
So he didn't know the reason.
But as the county magistrate of Tongling,
you should know what to do.
You are absolutely right.
What?
I will be more careful next time.
I bid farewell to your honor.
Say anything you wanna say.
I have nothing to say!
Tang!
Tang! Tang!
Lend me 500 taels!
Let me go.
You give me the money, and I'll let go.
What do you want the money for?
I'm gonna bail a girl out!
A girl?
Cheeky bastard, no way.
This is the happiness of my life.
You can't just leave me alone!
How can you only thinking about love everyday.
Tang!
No way!
Tang, only 500 taels.
Does adviser Tan come back?
She was,
but she thought I was unfair in the trail.
So she left again.
Zong Yonglin seems like came for
investigating Sangjie's death.
But what he really wants to know
is whether his servants
left any information.
Sangjie had dug up
all the golds from a whole mountain.
It can buy hundreds of Miaoshenglou,
and bail the girl I love out.
Plus this time,
he forced me to give Sun Bufan a lighter sentence.
Money can lead to god.
Money can also separate a couple.
How come you are talking about love all the time?
Who are we now?
You are a head constable earning 15 taels per month.
I'm a tiny county officer earning 50 taels per month.
How do we get the money to bail out the Oiran?
You are right.
From now on, I just have to
spend more money on Miaoshenglou.
I hope this Zhu Dacong have a clear mind.
For the sake of adviser Tan,
give me a bigger discount.
Damn.
Your emotion,
is completely controlled by that little girl.
Now she is not at the county office.
And her heart is not with you either.
Also go no way to her stomach.
There's nothing you can do.
By then,
when she really becomes the wife of Miaoshenglou's proprietress,
I will see what you gonna do.
Boss Zhu, come, come.
Why you're here?
All rooms are full today,
So let me stay here for a while, and I'll give you 50% off discount.
Sounds good?
Come on let's do it together.
Magistrate Tang, Shaofeng.
Today we don't talk about women.
We just relax.
Whatever you like, Boss.
My lord.
Has he found the gold's location?
Not yet,
Maybe he is still sorting out
every group of people's identity.
Did you find out his background?
I checked his files from the county office,
and compared with the files you gave me.
There's nothing suspicious.
He was born in a mid-class family at a capital suburb.
Before he came to Tongling,
he was only the scholar
who registered in the ministry of human resource.
Everything looks normal.
How dare a scholar
involve into this mess.
Maybe it's just the fight of the fledgling.
He can't sustain when the real tiger roar.
Tang Feilong is a tough one.
He dares to play tough.
There's must be someone behind to support him.
Was he suspicious about you?
Not yet.
Perhaps he is thinking me as a coward.
Only dare to think,
Not dare to do anything.
That's good.
Stay with him.
Yes.
Take your pills on time.
It will keep you alive.
Thank you, my lord.
I have a question.
You made me learn this trick of changing appearances.
Learn to acting in thousand of ways.
How to stand, how to walk.
Did you already know this will be coming?
Raising you, and educating you.
Teaching you skills.
Whether it's worth it or not.
You should know it clearly.
It's getting late.
Go back now.
Don't make the people in Tongling suspect you.
I will be diligent.
Come, dear customers.
Come in and have a look.
Our products are certainly the best.
Come.
Brother Congshun.
What are you doing here?
I'm just curious.
I heard adviser Tan's fiance is in here.
I just walked by,
So I want to take a look
of what kind of a person he is.
Whoever he is.
Adviser should choose our boss.
But Mr. Zhu has an marriage agreement on his hand.
It's not easy to break an contract.
That's true.
If this went on court,
this will be solid evidence.
Adviser could hardly get out of this agreement.
I think Mr. Zhu is not that smart.
Maybe he haven't thought about this yet.
Otherwise, as principled as our lord,
adviser won't stay here long ago.
I need to get back to the county
and report it.
Such a big mouth like Xiaoliu and Dawang.
Tell them shut their mouth.
Don't ruin the lord and adviser's plan.
You bought the cake again?
Is it good?
Have some more.
I still got the job. Talk to you later.
They show off their love
in front of my face, Ertong!
That's right, boss.
Get the marriage agreement.
Let's go to the country office,
and visit our Magistrate Tang.
Sis.
I think it's just Magistrate Tang's stopgap.
He also pretended to take bribes last time,
he fooled landlord Sun
in the name of imperialÿenvoy.
I don't think he's that kind of person.
Who sent this lunchbox?
From Magistrate Tang.
He's waiting for you at the door.
I don't wanna see him.
Okay. Don't see him.
I will bring you some water.
Aren't you disdained of my novel?
Why do you use the method from it?
To lure you into my trap.
How can I be that easily fall into your trap?
So you just suddenly wanna go out now?
What are you laughing about? Let me ask you.
Why did you agree with Zong Yonglin
to commute Sun Bufan's death sentence?
Death sentences cases were always been reported to State directly.
The city council,
has no attorney power
over our county.
Without your permit,
no one can change the decision.
If I can't even protect myself,
how can I protect my citizens?
So you just let the killer get away with it?
Is this fair to Qi Hui?
Good and evil must at last have their reward.
But it hasn't to be now.
Sometimes late justice is meaningless.
All you are caring about is the gold case.
You're totally ignored the right and wrong.
If that's the case,
I'd rather resign this adviser job.
Then what?
Go back to Jinan, and get married?
What has it to do with Zhu Dacong?
I said you get married, and I didn't mean Zhu Dacong.
Tan Lingyin, do you really believe Zhu Dacong is the one?
Who says that, what?
So you really worry a lot if I'm gonna marry with Zhu Dacong?
No, I'm not.
Really?
Not even a tiny little bit?
No.
No?
Seriously no?
Literally no?
My lord.
There's a Mr. Zhu in front who wanna sue adviser.
Lord!
You must help me out this time.
Please, my lord.
Please have a seat.
What are you doing?
My lord!
I know you are very righteous,
and purely black and white.
But please close you eyes this time
for the sake of my happiness.
What are you talking about? Stand up first.
My lord.
Can the imperialÿenvoy appoint anyone
to co-investigate the case,
and report directly to your majesty?
Certainly.
Then do you still remember that
last time you tricked landlord Sun
by using the name of Tang Tianyuan?
You want me to forge the imperialÿenvoy's appointment letter for you,
and co-investigate the case with me?
In that way,
your marriage can be postponed in the name of
serving the court, right?
You're so clever!
No way!
Forgery of imperialÿenvoy's letter! It can execute me thousands of times!
It's not that serious.
I've already gotten a plan.
Zhu Dacong is not that smart.
As long as we show him the letter,
we take it back and burn it at once.
Besides,
It's only a marriage issue of a small family.
No one will care about it.
If you really got exposed and died,
I will give you the compensation.
What can I compensate to you...
I...
How about I'm buried with you together?!
You annoyed me when you're alive,
and now you even wanna be buried with me after died?!
My lord.
For the happiness of the rest of my life,
please help me this time.
I don't want to bother others either.
But I'm really out of clues.
This will be the last time.
So it means you're gonna help me?
Make the ink ready.
My lord you are really the best lord
of the world.
Don't think too much.
It's only because the drum in front of our gate
is going to be beaten by him.
It makes my head exploded.
You are getting addicted by using
the name of Tang Tianyuan.
Even the stamp looks so real.
Don't touch.
It's fake anyway.
Whether it's fake or not,
it saved your life.
Tell me,
How will you thank me?
Let me think...
I...
I will tell you when I know it.
Stop knocking on that!
Who are you?
Come over here.
This is big.
Get off me.
Magistrate Tang, I am going to sue...
sue this heartless woman.
What are you talking about?
What's your accusation?
Run away from wedding and break an engagement.
We've been engaged long time ago,
but she has been postponing it.
She disobeyed parental commands and matchmaker's words.
And she's also dissolute working in the county.
I came from far away to look for her.
Please help me get my justice done, your honor.
Please have a look. This is the marriage contract.
It was made by my father's second wife.
I didn't know of this contract.
Okay. I will give your justice back to you.
Guards.
Here.
Paddle him 15 strikes, and 20 taels for penalty fee.
Yes!
Wait!
You want to beat me again?
Everyone, have a look!
This is our county magistrate
who's not ruling his case by law.
Bro, the way you are acting now.
Girls will not in love you.
What do you know.
Magistrate Tang.
Even if you wanna beat me today,
at least you should tell me
which law did I break.
Adviser, show him.
You do have the marriage contract,
but I forget to tell you that
I'm appointed by the imperialÿenvoy directly
as the adviser of Tongling.
Do you know what this is?
This is the appointment letter written by himself.
Making me to co-investigate the gold case,
stamped by the purple gold-stone stamp.
I'm the adviser appointed by the court.
Having an important duty. So how can I committed to a marriage?
Do you wanna against the court?
How can it be?
Show me the letter.
Why not.
Adviser Tan's capability,
is witnessed by the whole citizen of Tongling County.
Our county office can't operate without her.
Zhu Dacong, you are in contempt of court.
This is already a fair light penalty for you.
Fine.
Being an adviser, right?
There must be a term of it.
My father said that for a temporary appointed task,
the term is only for 3 months.
3 months won't be a problem.
I don't believe it.
Will the court be in charge of
the happy marriage of county's adviser.
Tan Lingyin, you are mine.
What shall we do now?
My lord, how could you only wrote 3 months?!
You should write it as forever.
Forever? Why don't you just kill me directly?!
We are on the same boat now,
and I don't have any choice, do I?
In my view,
you are quite willing to do it.
Did you prepare the silk for me?
How can you
be so unappreciative!
How can it be.
My lord.
Shall I be your adviser,
forever?
Right side.
My lord!
My lord, prefect Zong wanna see you.
Why don't you come with me.
Shall I come too?
You stay here.
Lingyin bid farewell to your honor.
I'm free!
I don't need to get marry with Zhu Dacong anymore!
Prefect Zong.
What kind of thing which is not appropriate to discuss in the office?
I heard that in our Tongling County,
Miaoshenglou's dishes are the best.
I'm a foodie.
So I'd love to try it out. Is magistrate Tang
don't wanna have a meal with me?
What are you talking about?
After you.
Please,
Come.
When we just arrived at here,
we heard something interest.
It was about the lady adviser of your office.
What is her name? Tan...
Tan Lingyin.
She is quite good at communication
which can give a speech just like that.
I didn't manage my staffs well. Please forgive me.
Generally speaking, the county office should have one adviser for
each one of the criminal investigate, accounting, communist party,
management tasks.
Which of these parts is she doing?
She... she is doing bit of all of the them.
I see, then she must be tired.
But magistrate Tang, you can't treat your employee like this.
Well,
there's a person came with me this time.
Chen Shaoxing.
He comes from the east river region.
Although he didn't make it through the national exam,
but he can do his work very well.
I shall leave him in Tongling with you
to help you with your heavy tasks.
In terms of the lady adviser,
a woman,
showing her face around all the time.
It will hurt her reputation.
Why don't you
dismiss her now?